the lousy there music better report 2013
is presented by comics man of
really professional solution for
online mastering and recording hello and
welcome to messias 2013 by
the frankfurt music fair
Now I am at the peter of bayer
dynamics hello hello you told me
you have done her a facelift what
Can I imagine the times
So we have the 13 50 right
Two years already here at the fair
had presented that almost mobile
Overlaid handsets
We've just revised that
Say you have a new head turn
in one piece compared to the old one
version where we have two-piece head end
to have
there we had the earpads or
the headless stuck on the left then
Stop painting after a while
i also made by the customer
interchangeable so to speak if the post
two three four five years close to that
head pad times closed
then you can easily stop it
exist and have to trade yourself there
we are visually a bit
revised to unobtrusive made
was that in itself today almost in the
broadcast listen is there you have it
always unobtrusive now too
really completely closed
he is completely closed just about that
we still have support now
even a little bigger buses on it
So made a little bigger diameter
I believe at four to five
millimeter larger diameter and we
have another version
So made the pc version for cold
case speak spiralkabel stop the user
to give more freedom, so to speak
Do not replace the cable
they can swap but nothing is
but i could there is one
version without spiral is also available
a game to the quasi-normal version
13 50 without cc addition and that's the
version with one and a half meters straight in
cable the cable is also a by the way
cable with polyurethane conversion so
that is quasi still something
a bit more stable than normal pvc
Conversion you can stop in times
a flight case between them
without it starting from 2
Now my question about the impedance like
high is 80
Of course we have the
tesla drivers are installed as well
that means we have magnets in place
center of the spiral we have one
ring magnet held around the school
larger magnetic handset magnetic
field strength and thereby keep higher
it then still makes me louder
louder than a conventional 80
You can almost say euro but yes it
it's mainly about what we need
less input power at more
output power and there to have
of course also made sure that
he plays a bit louder just like
For example, here at the fair is yes
relatively loud you have to hear it well
can
He is also thought of as a musician
percussion studio shots and so
further and as you need it to stop
a bit louder especially need
it's a bit louder
they often have such a problem with the
many terminals for example my ipad
For example, relatively little performance
So much battery saved he comes
not so much power out of that question
I then always how loud the things
because many headphones are always sometimes
really too quiet
that's exactly why the tesla is
technology as I said less
entrance fee for more
output power therefore higher efficiency
they come eventually and the whole
So the whole higher plays that way too
is about up to 130 db volume then
According to exactly what it costs is 299
euro uvp and is already available or
have it only presented so the
previous version is still available
the new facelift and the new cd
version will be available from june
Many Thanks